<web_page_content url="https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/">
[Recipes](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/) \|
[Dinners](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/) \| [Slow
Cooker](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/slow-cooker-dinner/)
\| Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese

[Slow
Cooker](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/slow-cooker-dinner/)

# Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese

Author by [Amanda Davis](https://amandascookin.com/about/) **on** August
5, 2018 **Updated on** January 13, 2025

4.98 from 5801 votes

This creamy crockpot mac and cheese starts with uncooked macaroni. Just
throw the milk, cheese and seasonings in the slow cooker for a meal
everyone will love!

Cook Time 2 hours hrs

Total Time 2 hours hrs 20 minutes mins

[Jump to
Recipe](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#wprm-recipe-container-23273)  
  

[Pin
Recipe](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?url=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&media=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F08%2FCrockpot-Mac-and-Cheese-PIN-a.jpg&description=This+creamy+crockpot+mac+and+cheese+starts+with+uncooked+macaroni.+Just+throw+the+milk%2C+cheese+and+seasonings+in+the+slow+cooker+for+a+meal+everyone+will+love%21&is_video=false)

![bowl of macaroni and
cheese](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Creamy-Crockpot-Macaroni-680-500x500.jpg)

85499 shares

-   [
    Share](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&t=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21 "Share on Facebook")
-   [
    Tweet](https://x.com/intent/tweet?text=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21&url=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&via=amandaformaro "Share on X")
-    Pin
-   [
    Email](mailto:?subject=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21&body=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F "Send over email")

This creamy crockpot mac and cheese starts with **uncooked elbow
pasta;** no boiling these noodles. Simply throw the milk, **cheese,**
and seasonings in the **slow cooker** for a meal everyone will love!

The slow cooker is super portable and the dish won’t dry out. This is a
great casserole to take to a potluck or family get together.

![macaroni and cheese in
crockpot](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Creamy-Crockpot-Macaroni-v1.jpg "This creamy crockpot macaroni and cheese starts with uncooked macaroni. Just throw the milk, cheese, and seasonings in the slow cooker for a meal everyone will love! #crockpot #macandcheese #dinner #slowcooker")

  
  

 

### MY LATEST VIDEOS

next

stay

CC

Settings

Off

Arabic

Chinese

English

French

German

Hindi

Portuguese

Spanish

Font Colorwhite

Font Opacity100%

Font Size100%

Font FamilyArial

Text Shadownone

Background Colorblack

Background Opacity50%

Window Colorblack

Window Opacity0%

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

200%

175%

150%

125%

100%

75%

50%

Arial

Georgia

Garamond

Courier New

Tahoma

Times New Roman

Trebuchet MS

Verdana

None

Raised

Depressed

Uniform

Drop Shadow

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

0%

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

0%

## Creamy Crockpot Mac and Cheese

There are lots of [different ways to make mac and
cheese,](https://amandascookin.com/macaroni-and-cheese-recipes/) but two
of them are more popular than others. The first type is southern or
baked mac and cheese, which includes eggs and is almost like a
casserole. The second type is [cooked on the
stovetop](https://amandascookin.com/easy-stovetop-macaroni-cheese/) in a
béchamel sauce. There are no eggs and it is super creamy.

![bowl of macaroni and
cheese](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Creamy-Crockpot-Macaroni-680.jpg "This creamy crockpot macaroni and cheese starts with uncooked macaroni. Just throw the milk, cheese, and seasonings in the slow cooker for a meal everyone will love! #crockpot #macandcheese #dinner #slowcooker")

In order to get that ultra creamy texture in a crock pot, you either
have to use condensed cheese soup or Velveeta cheese, neither of which
appealed to me.

The next best thing is to use evaporated milk and American cheese, the
kind you get from the deli counter. Barring American cheese, using a
melty cheese like Muenster or Havarti will also produce creamy results.

## If you are making for the holidays

If you’ve never made this before, please do a dry run before the
holiday! Everyone’s slow cooker acts differently, so it’s important to
try this out first. Please read through the FAQ below as well for best
results.

## Frequently Asked Questions

There have been quite a few questions on this recipe, please check here
before asking in the comments as it may already have been answered.
PLEASE READ the notes in the printed recipe.

### Can I double this recipe and does it change the cooking time?

Yes, this recipe can be doubled provided you have a large enough slow
cooker. The cooking time will not change.

### I don’t eat yellow cheese, what is a good white substitute?

Muenster works well, as does White American and White Cheddar. A marble
cheese should work as well. Sharp cheddars will give this dish the best
flavor, try Vermont white sharp cheddar!

### Can I make this ahead and reheat it?

We don’t recommend reheating macaroni and cheese as it never tastes
quite the same and there’s a possibility that the macaroni will become
mushy. However, if this is a deal breaker, you can reheat it – simply
add some milk to loosen the thickened sauce while reheating. We
recommend making it and having it ready right before you leave. Turn off
the slow cooker but leave the lid on. When you arrive stir it and loosen
with milk if needed.

### Why was my mac and cheese gritty?

Prepackaged shredded cheese contains an anti-caking agent that can cause
your final product to taste gritty. Purchase your cheese from the deli
and shred it yourself. We’ve also discovered that some less expensive
cheeses are gritty even when you shred them yourself, but after the mac
and cheese sits for a while the grittiness goes away.

### Why was my mac and cheese mushy?

**If it cooks too fast or too long it will get mushy. The biggest
culprit is thin macaroni noodles.** We use Barilla brand and have also
used Creamette. These noodles are thicker and sometimes have ridges.
Thinner noodles will cook much faster and turn mushy.

Another reason could be an older slow cooker that may cook hotter (even
on low) than a newer crock pot. Leave the lid on for one hour on low.
DON’T increase the temp to High! Stir after one hour then check after 15
more minutes. Check and stir every 15 minutes after that if needed. Mine
was done is 1 hour and 45 minutes.

Mushy mac and cheese can also be the result of using gluten free
macaroni noodles as they do not hold up as well. One of our readers made
this successfully with gluten free pasta. she said hers was done in 90
minutes but began to get mushy at 2 hours, so it’s important to keep an
eye on it!

### Can I mix all of the ingredients, refrigerate overnight, and put in the crockpot a few hours prior to serving?

Yes, with the exception of the pasta. Wait until you take it out of the
fridge and are turning the slow cooker on before you add the macaroni.

### I’m confused by the cooking time, is it 2 hours or 3?

Actually, it’s up to 3 hours. You should cook the dish on low for 1
hour, then stir it and check for doneness. After that, check it
periodically (every thirty minutes or so) until it is done. The actual
cooking time is completely dependent on the slow cooker you have
(similar to ovens, they all cook differently), hence the “up to 3 hours”
instruction.

![macaroni and cheese in
bowl](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Creamy-Crockpot-Macaroni-H.jpg "This creamy crockpot macaroni and cheese starts with uncooked macaroni. Just throw the milk, cheese, and seasonings in the slow cooker for a meal everyone will love! #crockpot #macandcheese #dinner #slowcooker")

To keep our mac and cheese from being bland we added mustard, garlic,
and cayenne to ours in addition to the basic salt and pepper. These can
all be adjusted to your taste.

![bowl of macaroni and
cheese](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/Creamy-Crockpot-Macaroni-680-240x240.jpg)

## Crockpot Mac and Cheese

This creamy crockpot mac and cheese starts with uncooked macaroni. Just
throw the milk, cheese and seasonings in the slow cooker for a meal
everyone will love!

4.98 from 5801 votes

IMPORTANT – There are often Frequently Asked Questions within the blog
post that you may find helpful. Simply scroll back up to read them!

[ Print
It](https://amandascookin.com/wprm_print/crockpot-mac-and-cheese) [ Pin
It](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?url=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&media=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2018%2F08%2FCrockpot-Mac-and-Cheese-PIN-a.jpg&description=This+creamy+crockpot+mac+and+cheese+starts+with+uncooked+macaroni.+Just+throw+the+milk%2C+cheese+and+seasonings+in+the+slow+cooker+for+a+meal+everyone+will+love%21&is_video=false)
[ Rate
It](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#commentform)
[ Save
It](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#)[Saved!](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Course: Sides

Cuisine: American

Servings: 8 people

2 hours hrs 20 minutes mins

Calories: 574

Author: [Amanda Davis](https://amandascookin.com/about)

### Ingredients

▢ 1 pound elbow pasta uncooked (regular, NOT gluten free, NOT quick cook
pasta) We use Barilla brand

▢ 2 ½ cups whole milk

▢ 12 ounces evaporated milk

▢ 12 ounces Extra sharp cheddar 3 cups shredded (from the deli, shred
yourself, don't buy bagged)

▢ 4 ounces American cheese 1 cup shredded (from the deli, not processed
slices)

▢ 1 teaspoon salt

▢ ½ teaspoon black pepper

▢ ½ teaspoon dry mustard

▢ ¼ teaspoon garlic powder

▢ Dash of cayenne pepper to taste

▢ ¼ cup butter cubed

### Things You’ll Need

▢

[5-6 qt Crockpot](https://amzn.to/2pOoT8B)

▢

[Food processor](https://amzn.to/2C6voqg) for shredding cheese

▢

[Liquid measure](https://amzn.to/2Wnq8aS)

▢

[Measuring cups and spoons](https://amzn.to/3jQ8vRo)

### Before You Begin

-   IMPORTANT – please do not use the bagged shredded cheese. It
    contains an anti-caking agent that can make your mac and cheese
    gritty. Get the cheese from the deli and shred it yourself. 
-   PASTA – please use a sturdy pasta, not the really thin noodles. Thin
    noodles will cook much faster and turn to mush. Since the pandemic
    manufacturers have changed their noodles, look for sturdy ones!
-   Also, every slow cooker is different. Newer slow cookers should work
    fine for this recipe. Cook on low for one hour without disturbing.
    Remove lid and stir well. **Replace lid and check every 30 minutes
    after that. DO NOT turn the heat up! You will make your macaroni
    mushy. ** My slow cooker is only a couple years old and my mac and
    cheese is done after about 1 hr and 45 minutes. 
-   For BEST RESULTS be sure to [read the Frequently Asked Questions in
    the blog
    post](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/)
    before making your mac and cheese.
-   **Making for the holidays?** If you’ve never made this before,
    please do a dry run before the holiday! Everyone’s slow cooker acts
    differently, so it’s important to try this out first. Happy
    Thanksgiving and Merry Christmas!

### Instructions

-   Spray 6-quart slow cooker with non-stick spray.

-   Rinse the uncooked pasta well in cold water and drain.

    1 pound elbow pasta

-   Add uncooked pasta to crockpot along with milks, cheeses, salt,
    pepper, mustard, garlic and cayenne pepper. Stir to combine, making
    sure macaroni is submerged in liquid as much as possible.

    2 1/2 cups whole milk, 12 ounces evaporated milk, 12 ounces Extra
    sharp cheddar, 4 ounces American cheese, 1 teaspoon salt, 1/2
    teaspoon black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon dry mustard, 1/4 teaspoon garlic
    powder, Dash of cayenne pepper

-   Dot with cubed butter.

    1/4 cup butter

-   Cover and cook on low heat for 1 hour. Remove lid and stir, be
    quick! Don't let too much heat out. Depending on your slow cooker,
    your dish could be done at this point or require UP TO 1-2 more
    hours.

-   If not done, continue cooking and checking periodically (ever half
    hour or so).

-   When done, pasta will be tender and liquid will be thick and creamy.
    Sauce will thicken even more after lid is removed and mac and cheese
    sits.

### Expert Tips & FAQs

-   Condensed milk is sweetened and the two **cannot** be used
    interchangeably. **Use evaporated milk.**
-   Don’t use regular milk in place of evaporated milk. However, you can
    create your own evaporated milk. To make 1 cup of evaporated milk,
    simmer 2 1/4 cups of regular milk down until it becomes 1 cup.
    Replacing the evaporated milk with regular milk will result in sauce
    that is too runny because of the water content in regular milk.
-   For the milk in the ingredient list, use whole milk as directed.
    Using a lower fat milk can add more water and make your mac and
    cheese more liquidy nand not cook properly.

next

stay

CC

►

Settings

Off

Arabic

Chinese

English

French

German

Hindi

Portuguese

Spanish

Font Colorwhite

Font Opacity100%

Font Size100%

Font FamilyArial

Text Shadownone

Background Colorblack

Background Opacity50%

Window Colorblack

Window Opacity0%

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

200%

175%

150%

125%

100%

75%

50%

Arial

Georgia

Garamond

Courier New

Tahoma

Times New Roman

Trebuchet MS

Verdana

None

Raised

Depressed

Uniform

Drop Shadow

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

0%

White

Black

Red

Green

Blue

Yellow

Magenta

Cyan

100%

75%

50%

25%

0%

### Nutrition

Serving: 1cup \| Calories: 574cal \| Carbohydrates: 51g \| Protein: 26g
\| Fat: 29g \| Saturated Fat: 17g \| Cholesterol: 90mg \| Sodium: 923mg
\| Potassium: 426mg \| Fiber: 1g \| Sugar: 10g \| Vitamin A: 985IU \|
Vitamin C: 0.8mg \| Calcium: 672mg \| Iron: 1.2mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Follow on Pinterest
[@AmandasCookin](https://www.pinterest.com/AmandasCookin) or tag
[\#AmandasCookin](https://www.pinterest.com/search/pins/?rs=hashtag_closeup&q=%23AmandasCookin)!

The recipes on this blog are tested with a conventional gas oven and gas
stovetop. It’s important to note that some ovens, especially as they
age, can cook and bake inconsistently. Using an inexpensive oven
thermometer can assure you that your oven is truly heating to the proper
temperature. If you use a toaster oven or countertop oven, please keep
in mind that they may not distribute heat the same as a conventional
full sized oven and you may need to adjust your cooking/baking times. In
the case of recipes made with a pressure cooker, air fryer, slow cooker,
or other appliance, a link to the appliances we use is listed within
each respective recipe. For baking recipes where measurements are given
by weight, please note that results may not be the same if cups are used
instead, and we can’t guarantee success with that method.

*This post was originally published on August 21, 2017*

-   [About](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#abh_about)
-   [Latest
    Posts](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#abh_posts)

[](https://amandascookin.com/about/ "Amanda Davis")

Follow along

[](https://www.facebook.com/AmandasCookin "Facebook")[](https://twitter.com/amandaformaro "Twitter")[](http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=23565941&trk=tab_pro "LinkedIn")[](https://instagram.com/amandaformaro "Instagram")[](https://pinterest.com/amandaformaro "Pinterest")[](https://www.youtube.com/user/amandascookin?feature=mhum "YouTube")

### [Amanda Davis](https://amandascookin.com/about/)

President at [Amanda's Creative Studio, Inc.](http://amandaformaro.com)

Amanda Davis is the entrepreneurial mom of four grown children and four
step children. She and her husband, Chef Antoine, love to cook together
creating recipes for this blog. Amanda also make kid's crafts and
creates decorative items for her home. She is a crafting expert and guru
in the kitchen and has appeared online and in print publications many
times over the years. She is also a craft book author five times over
and product developer as well as the owner of
[FunFamilyCrafts.com](http://funfamilycrafts.com). You can find her on
social media by using the buttons to the left!

[](https://amandascookin.com/about/ "Amanda Davis")

Follow along

[](https://www.facebook.com/AmandasCookin "Facebook")[](https://twitter.com/amandaformaro "Twitter")[](http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=23565941&trk=tab_pro "LinkedIn")[](https://instagram.com/amandaformaro "Instagram")[](https://pinterest.com/amandaformaro "Pinterest")[](https://www.youtube.com/user/amandascookin?feature=mhum "YouTube")

#### Latest posts by Amanda Davis ([see all](https://amandascookin.com/author/amanda-formaro/))

-   [Pumpkin Banana
    Muffins](https://amandascookin.com/pumpkin-banana-muffins/) - August
    28, 2025
-   [Tuna Casserole](https://amandascookin.com/tuna-casserole/) - August
    26, 2025
-   [Apple Muffins](https://amandascookin.com/apple-muffins/) - August
    19, 2025

85499 shares

-   [
    Share](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&t=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21 "Share on Facebook")
-   [
    Tweet](https://x.com/intent/tweet?text=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21&url=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F&via=amandaformaro "Share on X")
-    Pin
-   [
    Email](mailto:?subject=Crockpot%20Macaroni%20and%20Cheese%3A%20creamy%20mac%20and%20cheese%20in%20the%20crockpot%21&body=https%3A%2F%2Famandascookin.com%2Fcrockpot-macaroni-and-cheese%2F "Send over email")

August 5, 2018 By [Amanda
Davis](https://amandascookin.com/author/amanda-formaro/)  
Filed Under:
[Casseroles](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/casseroles/),
[Christmas](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/christmas-recipes/),
[Fall](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/fall-recipes/),
[Father's
Day](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/fathers-day/),
[Football
Recipes](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/football-recipes/),
[Grain
Sides](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/sides-2/pasta-sides/),
[Mother's
Day](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/mothers-day-recipes/),
[Pasta](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/pasta-dinner/),
[Popular
Recipes](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/popular-recipes/),
[Side Dish Recipes for the
Crockpot](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/slow-cooker-recipes/side-dish-recipes-for-the-crockpot/),
[Slow
Cooker](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/dinner/slow-cooker-dinner/),
[Thanksgiving](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/thanksgiving-recipes/),
[Winter](https://amandascookin.com/category/recipes/holidays-seasons/winter-recipes/)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

1.  Jenny says

    [August 20, 2025 at 8:41
    am](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1067215)

    ![3
    stars](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-recipe-maker/assets/icons/rating/stars-alt-3.svg)  
    I made this exactly according to the recipe and even used the
    recommended brand of pasta. After 1hr of undisturbed cooking, my
    noodles were mushy. I might try it again but cook the noodles
    separately and add them at the end.

    [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1067215)

    -   [Amanda Davis](https://amandascookin.com/about/) says

        [August 21, 2025 at 8:11
        am](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1067438)

        I was going to recommend that you cook the noodles halfway, then
        put them in at the beginning of the recipe. They will still
        continue to cook, but slowly and won’t get mushy. We’ve tested 5
        different crockpot temps and unfortunately they are all
        different ranging anywhere from 110F (perfect creamy mac an
        cheese) to 160F (ends up mushy). Thanks for trying the recipe!

        [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1067438)

2.  Moneva says

    [August 15, 2025 at 6:12
    pm](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1066508)

    ![5
    stars](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-recipe-maker/assets/icons/rating/stars-alt-5.svg)  
    Haven’t tried it yet but making it gluten free wife is excited so I
    will be back to give the taste results

    [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1066508)

3.  AJ says

    [July 20, 2025 at 3:07
    pm](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1062380)

    ![5
    stars](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-recipe-maker/assets/icons/rating/stars-alt-5.svg)  
    I’ve made this at least 5 times, and changed up brands of cheese to
    use. The best have been using Aldi’s brand of cheese, then any “big
    box” brand’s cheese(cheddar and pepper jack). Using a “high quality”
    aged/reserved cheddar tasted great, but was more like an oatmeal
    consistency because that cheese doesn’t melt well.

    I turn it up a notch and use homegrown chopped garlic, plus add 8oz
    ham steak chopped up, and occasionally chopped black olives! Always
    delicious, but use an “average/general use” cheddar.

    [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1062380)

4.  Samantha B. says

    [July 13, 2025 at 9:31
    am](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1061267)

    ![5
    stars](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-recipe-maker/assets/icons/rating/stars-alt-5.svg)  
    Ive done this three times now and it comes out WONDERFULLY every
    time. But you HAVE TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS carefully. I did use
    inferior noodles once…turned to mush. That’s on me. I took it to a
    4th of July cookout this year and people RAVED over it. Was gone in
    less than 20 minutes :)

    [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1061267)

5.  Kristi Pokornowski says

    [July 11, 2025 at 11:02
    am](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-27/#comment-1061031)

    ![3
    stars](https://amandascookin.com/wp-content/plugins/wp-recipe-maker/assets/icons/rating/stars-alt-3.svg)  
    I was so excited to give this recipe a try but it did not turn out
    well. The flavor was good but the texture of the noodle was starchy
    (like it had been overcooked but it was still al dente) and the it
    curdled. I know each crockpot is different but I followed the
    directions exactly as stated and it just didn’t work out.

    [Reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#comment-1061031)

[« Older
Comments](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/comment-page-26/#comments)

4.98 from 5801 votes ([5,505 ratings without
comment](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#))

### Leave a Reply [Cancel reply](https://amandascookin.com/crockpot-macaroni-and-cheese/#respond)

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked \*

Recipe Rating

Recipe Rating   
  
  
  
  

Comment \*

Name \*

Email \*

Attachments The maximum upload file size: 640 MB. You can upload: image,
video, other. Links to YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other services
inserted in the comment text will be automatically embedded. Drop files
here

Δ
</web_page_content>