<web_page_content url="https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/">
[Recipes](https://www.budgetbytes.com/category/recipes/) » [Vegetable
Recipes](https://www.budgetbytes.com/category/recipes/vegetables/)

# Oven Roasted Ratatouille

[![](https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/ba1bd0462fb679d2843531eee7ec6006d9d8bd5e121185288552dd38fcf68b6a?s=60&d=mm&r=g)](https://www.budgetbytes.com/author/beth/)

By [Beth Moncel](https://www.budgetbytes.com/author/beth/)

Updated Jun 11, 2025

4.77

from

65

[Read
reviews](https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/#comments)

Prep 20 minutes mins

Cook 45 minutes mins

Servings 8 ¾ cup each

$5.68 recipe / $0.71 serving

[![](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/brand/Jump-arrow.svg)
Jump to
recipe](https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/#wprm-recipe-container-31835)[![](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/brand/Save.svg)
Save](https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/)[![](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/brand/share-icon.svg)
Share](https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/)

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN2.jpg)

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN1.jpg)

What happens when you take thinly sliced vegetables, layer them in a
dish, add a rich red sauce, plenty of herbs, and a cheesy topping? You
get this insanely delicious Oven Roasted Ratatouille, aka “the vegetable
dish that vegetable haters won’t be able to get enough of.” While this
interpretation of ratatouille isn’t exactly traditional, I think you’re
going to love it. It kind of reminds me of pizza, but like, made out of
really pretty vegetables (and it certainly made my house *smell *like
pizza).  

![Overhead view of oven roasted ratatouille in the casserole dish with a
serving
spoon](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-V1.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2FOven-Roasted-Ratatouille-V1.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20roasted%20ratatouille%20combines%20all%20of%20summer's%20delicious%20vegetables%20into%20one%20rich%2C%20flavorful%2C%20and%20beautiful%20side%20dish.%20BudgetBytes.com)

![Pinterest](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/utility/socials/pintrest-logo.svg)
Pin this recipe for later!

[Pin
It](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F&media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2021%2F07%2FOven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN1.jpg&description=Oven+roasted+ratatouille+combines+all+of+summer%26%23039%3Bs+delicious+vegetables+into+one+rich%2C+flavorful%2C+and+beautiful+side+dish.+Step-by-step+photos+can+be+seen+below+the+recipe+card.&is_video=false)

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN2.jpg)

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN1.jpg)

*All recipes are rigorously tested in our [Nashville Test
Kitchen](https://www.budgetbytes.com/about/#h-how-we-test-recipes) to
ensure they are easy, affordable, and delicious.*

> “Easy to make, beautiful to look at, really inexpensive, very healthy
> and MUCH better than my stovetop ratatouille. My husband and I
> devoured it. Yum with a capital Y.”
>
> **VICKY**  
>   

Ratatouille is a classic French dish that’s rich, comforting, and
perfect for sopping up with a piece of crusty artisan bread or ladling
over a bowl of polenta. Like many traditional recipes, there are
countless versions out there—and mine takes a bit of a twist.

Rather than stewing the vegetables together in a pot, I chose to make an
*oven roasted* ratatouille, which is a common alternative to the stewed
version. Not only is oven roasting the sliced vegetables super pretty,
but it’s a little more hands-off than stewing vegetables in a pot, which
I appreciate. I also added [marinara
sauce](https://www.budgetbytes.com/homemade-marinara/) to the bottom of
my casserole dish which ends up mixing with the juices from the
vegetables and creating the most delicious sauce (get some bread ready
for dipping). Lastly, I topped with cheese, which definitely isn’t the
norm for ratatouille, but it sure was delicious! And it really created
that pizza-like effect. 

This recipe is extremely flexible. I’ve given some approximate weight
values for the vegetables below, but you can really use whatever size
you have available and whatever you can squeeze into your baking dish.
But a word of advice–once sliced the volume of the vegetables always
ends up being more than you estimated, so err on the side of smaller
vegetables.

Share this recipe

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/&display=popup&ref=plugin&src=share_buttondescription=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille "Share on Facebook")[WhatsApp](https://wa.me/?text=https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille "Share with WhatsApp")[Email](mailto:?subject=Your%20friend%20has%20shared%20an%20article%20with%20you.&body=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%0D%0Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%0D%0Adescription=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille "Share via Email")[Pin](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/&media=https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN1.jpg&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille "Share on Pinterest")

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN2.jpg)

![oven roasted ratatouille pin
image](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-PIN1.jpg)

## Oven Roasted Ratatouille

4.77 from 65 votes

Oven roasted ratatouille combines all of summer's delicious vegetables
into one rich, flavorful, and beautiful side dish.

**Step-by-step photos can be seen below the recipe card.**

Author: [Beth Moncel](https://www.budgetbytes.com/author/beth/)

![oven roasted ratatouille with a portion scooped out of the
corner](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-scoop-500x500.jpg)

![](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/blocks/meal-plans.svg)
Servings ¾ cup each

Prep 20 minutes mins

Cook 45 minutes mins

Total 1 hour hr 5 minutes mins

[Save Recipe](https://www.budgetbytes.com/?memberful_endpoint=auth)
[Print
Recipe](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wprm_print/oven-roasted-ratatouille)
[Read the
reviews](https://www.budgetbytes.com/oven-roasted-ratatouille/#wpd-threads)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

▢ 1 cup marinara sauce ($0.50)

▢ 1 yellow onion ($0.25)

▢ 1 eggplant ((about 1 lb.), $1.49)

▢ 1 zucchini ((about ½ lb.), $0.71)

▢ 1 yellow squash ((about ½ lb.), $0.55)

▢ 3 Roma tomatoes ($0.87)

▢ 1 Tbsp olive oil ($0.16)

▢ 1/2 tsp dried basil ($0.05)

▢ 1/2 tsp dried oregano ($0.05)

▢ 1/8 tsp black pepper (freshly cracked, $0.01)

▢ 1/8 tsp salt ($0.01)

▢ 1 cup shredded mozzarella ($0.94)

▢ 1 Tbsp parsley (chopped (optional), $0.09)

### Instructions 

-   Preheat the oven to 400ºF. Thinly slice the yellow onion. Slice the
    eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, and tomatoes into ⅛-inch thick
    slices. Cut any pieces with a larger diameter into half-rounds.

-   Pour the marinara in the bottom of a large casserole dish. Sprinkle
    the sliced onions over top.

-   Begin to line up the sliced eggplant, zucchini, squash, and tomatoes
    into the dish, standing on their sides, and in an alternating
    pattern until all of the pieces are used up. Drizzle the olive oil
    over the vegetables, then sprinkle the basil, oregano, salt, and
    pepper over top.

-   Transfer the dish to the oven and roast the vegetables for 40
    minutes. After 40 minutes, remove the dish from the oven and
    sprinkle the shredded mozzarella over top. Return the casserole dish
    to the oven for five minutes, or until the cheese is melted and
    creamy.

-   After roasting, sprinkle the chopped parsley over top, then serve.

See how we [calculate recipe costs
here](https://www.budgetbytes.com/how-to-calculate-recipe-costs/).

### Video

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Notes

Try to purchase vegetables that are a close size in diameter to make
layering easier.

Email Me This Recipe

Get this sent to your inbox, plus get new recipes from us every week!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email \*

Send!

![Loading](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/plugins/wpforms/assets/images/submit-spin.svg)

### Nutrition

Serving: 1ServingCalories: 99kcalCarbohydrates: 9gProtein: 5gFat:
5gSodium: 291mgFiber: 3g

*Read our full [nutrition disclaimer
here.](https://www.budgetbytes.com/nutrition-information-disclaimer/)*

![](/wp-content/themes/budgetbytes-2022/assets/icons/blocks/instagram.svg)
Have you tried this recipe?Mention
[@budgetbytes](https://www.instagram.com/budgetbytes) or tag
[\#budgetbytes](https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/budgetbytes) on
Instagram!

### Video

## How to Make Oven Roasted Ratatouille Step-by-Step Photos

![Eggplant, onion, squash, and tomatoes whole on a cutting
board](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/1-Whole-Vegetables.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F1-Whole-Vegetables.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

**Gather vegetables:** For this recipe, I used one small eggplant (about
1 lb.), one yellow onion, one yellow squash (1/2 lb.), one zucchini (½
lb.), and three Roma tomatoes. The eggplant, squash, zucchini, and
tomatoes are the vegetables that will get layered pretty in the dish,
while the onion will be hiding underneath in a base layer.

![Sliced eggplant, squash, zucchini, and
tomatoes](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/2-Sliced-Vegetables.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F2-Sliced-Vegetables.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

**Slice vegetables:** Preheat the oven to 400ºF. Thinly slice the
eggplant, squash, zucchini, and tomatoes. You want everything to be
similar in height when placed in the casserole dish, so for pieces with
a larger diameter, you’ll want to slice those in half (I did this for
the eggplant and larger ends of the squash and zucchini). Aim for ⅛-inch
thick slices. 

![onion and marinara in the casserole
dish](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/3-Onion-and-Marinara.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F3-Onion-and-Marinara.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

Thinly slice the onion. Spread 1 cup marinara in the bottom of a large
casserole dish. Sprinkle the sliced onion over top.

![Layered vegetables in the casserole
dish](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/4-Vegetable-Slices-in-Dish.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F4-Vegetable-Slices-in-Dish.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

**Layer vegetables:** Layer the vegetables in the dish standing up on
their sides, like cards in a card catalog (wait, did I just date
myself??). They do NOT need to be perfect. Just start squeezing them in
as best you can. It’s nice to try to alternate them in a pattern, but
once you get toward the end you might have more left of one type of
vegetable, so just start popping them in there anywhere they’ll fit.
Drizzle 1 Tbsp olive oil over top. Sprinkle ½ tsp dried basil, ½ tsp
dried oregano, ⅛ tsp freshly cracked pepper, and ¼ tsp salt on top of
the vegetables.

![Roasted ratatouille in the casserole
dish](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/5-Roasted-Vegetables.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F5-Roasted-Vegetables.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

Transfer the dish to the preheated 400ºF oven and roast for 40 minutes.

![Cheese being sprinkled on top of the
ratatouille](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/6-Add-Cheese.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F6-Add-Cheese.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

After 40 minutes, remove the dish from the oven and sprinkle 1 cup of
shredded mozzarella on top. Return the dish to the oven and bake for an
additional 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and creamy.

![Melted cheese on oven roasted
ratatouille](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/7-FInished-Roasted-Ratatouille.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2F7-FInished-Roasted-Ratatouille.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

Top with a little chopped parsley, then serve!

![oven roasted ratatouille with a portion scooped out of the
corner](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-scoop.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2FOven-Roasted-Ratatouille-scoop.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

So delicious… and it’s just begging for a beautiful baguette to bathe in
it. Mmmmm. You’ve got to spoon some of that sauce from the bottom of the
pan onto your plate!

![Close up side view of ratatouille in the casserole
dish](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-close.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2FOven-Roasted-Ratatouille-close.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

Closer look? So pretty. I ❤️ vegetables!

## 

![side view of ratatouille in the casserole
dish](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Oven-Roasted-Ratatouille-front.jpg)[](https://pinterest.com/pin/create/bookmarklet/?media=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2014%2F05%2FOven-Roasted-Ratatouille-front.jpg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.budgetbytes.com%2Foven-roasted-ratatouille%2F%3Futm_source%3Dpinterest%26utm_medium%3Dsocial%26utm_campaign%3Dgrow-social-pro&is_video=false&description=Oven%20Roasted%20Ratatouille%3A%20Cheesy%2C%20Herb-Packed%20Veggie%20Bake)

## serving suggestions

Oven roasted ratatouille makes a delicious side dish for grilled or
roasted meat. Try it with juicy [herb roasted pork
tenderloin](https://www.budgetbytes.com/herb-roasted-pork-loin/). Or
serve it next to [garlic butter baked
cod](https://www.budgetbytes.com/garlic-butter-baked-cod/), where the
flaky, buttery fish balances the ratatouille’s rich texture and tangy
tomato notes. For something equally satisfying, pair it with [herb
roasted chicken
breast](https://www.budgetbytes.com/herb-roasted-chicken-breasts/),
letting the savory simplicity of the chicken allow the roasted veggies
to take center stage.You could also serve this as part of a vegetarian
meal by pairing it with something like a rich and creamy risotto or
serving it on top of a bowl of polenta.

## More Veggie Side Dish Recipes

[](https://www.budgetbytes.com/balsamic-roasted-mushrooms/)

![Overhead view of balsamic roasted mushrooms in a white
bowl](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Balsamic-Roasted-Mushrooms-light-268x200.jpg)

### Balsamic Roasted Mushrooms

$4.24 recipe / $1.06 serving

[](https://www.budgetbytes.com/easy-roasted-brussels-sprouts/)

![Close up side view of Roasted Brussels Sprouts in a
bowl](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Roasted-Brussels-Sprouts-side-268x200.jpg)

### Easy Roasted Brussels Sprouts

$3.17 recipe / $0.79 serving

[](https://www.budgetbytes.com/succotash/)

![Overhead view of a bowl of succotash with a black
spoon.](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Succotash-bowl-268x200.jpg)

### Succotash

$6.63 recipe / $0.66 serving

[](https://www.budgetbytes.com/squash-casserole/)

![Overhead view of squash casserole in a casserole
dish.](https://www.budgetbytes.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Squash-Casserole-Overhead-268x200.jpeg)

### Squash Casserole

$5.72 recipe / $0.95 serving
</web_page_content>